what's going down guys it's your boy
troubles win over your back with some my
team doing another pack opening today
because you guys showed me so much love
in that last video and as you guys can
see I'm really close to completing the
Celtics collection so we're gonna go
with the Spurs I'm gonna hold off on
that and the reason be you get Kevin
McHale as the Celtics reward and he goes
in the collection and the last
collection we did or the last pack
opening me did I spent 35 for e que vc
just trying to get Kenny the jet Smith
couldn't pull him and then that's why I
did end up completing the 2013-2014
Rockets collection because i only needed
Omar Casspi and he's the reward for the
2013-2014 rockets collection obviously
and I pretty much just killed two birds
with one stone right completed the
Rockets we've got me Kenny the jet Smith
so I pretty much didn't get a duplicate
Smith and it probably saved me a ton of
ec for both packs and that's kind of the
idea behind waiting on the Celtics get
Kevin McHale have them already in that
collection just wait so we don't have to
get them again and hopefully I don't
spam to spend a ton of vc because i've
done two collections and i've noticed
the players at our reward collections
for some reason i don't know if it's
like the game itself or what but i just
don't seem to get lucky and pull them
very often it seems like they're a
little bit rarer than some other cards
because they are a collection of reward
earlier whatever the case may be but
that's oh I'm gonna hold off and we're
gonna do the Spurs add to my front vine
just Scott Hakeem the dream now
hopefully we're gonna get David Robinson
get that Tim Duncan that frontline is
gonna be ridiculous because I think I
don't know every big man stats in the
game but I think from a balance
standpoint overall standpoint Tim Duncan
and Hakim are the best big men in the
low post from a post hook and postpaid
standpoint from like an overall I know a
lot of the big men and I said this is my
last pack opening it for those who
didn't see it man link will be in the
description it was an awesome pack
opening completed that some collections
got Hakeem the dream and the stats and
everything again link in the description
but from an ala like the mailman and
check all their post hooks or their post
fades or like 95 and then their other
one is like 75 or something that's not
very good
and then Hakim the dreams like 95 plus
for both of them and I think this rookie
Tim Duncan it's kind of the same deal I
think I don't he's not nearly as good as
a team but I think both of them is like
88 and above well I think one of them's
in the 90s will check out his stats if
we just got him so we'll check it out
after we complete the collection
hopefully and get David Robinson will
just kind of compare their low post
stats but I I'm like literally I think
this rookie Tim Duncan overall only 89 a
little bit underwhelming but I don't
think people really are look at how good
overall when you're 90 overall in
something if there was a guy yet a 90
mid-range at ninety three pointer that's
ridiculous that is amazing which is
again the same thing in the low post
when you're that good niveau post that's
a really high overall and I think people
just don't really use guys in the low
post like the way they should like I
think it may I may have to do a video
like that maybe kind of do a shake and
bake type of thing we're just use all
big men low post scoring all game let me
know down below the comments did you
guys be interested in seeing that
because I do have a ton of really good
big men would you guys be interested i
know she again i know shake and bake did
that use kind of the all big man might
him but would you guys be interested in
seeing that let me know down below in
the comments and I but what did you guys
think at the all-star game I was ready
for that lebron KD show really didn't
happen but I mean Blake Griffin and
Kyrie they showed up Blake Griffin
almost was what six points four points
away from pretty much breaking the
record or tying to record a Wilt
Chamberlain and he didn't even get a
shot in the last five minutes because KD
tried to make it the KD show and he
really wasn't on his game late and but
man I really wanted to see that lebron
KD show I was hoping be kind of like a
rerun of what Tim Hardaway and dion
Waiters did in the rookie showcase her
team Hill versu else was at Grant Hill
and Chris Webber right I think so but
man I was just ready for that I think
everyone was cuz I remember the day
before Katie was like yeah I want to go
one-on-one with someone at the end of
the game and someone said is that LeBron
James and he said I hope so but in it
just LeBron Kyrie was spilling it and
LeBron who's one of the most unselfish
players in the game
was dishing the ball to Kyrie given him
the opportunity and after that and then
now everyone's reading into the hole oh
he's gonna go back to Cleveland oh my I
don't know man I was that done with such
a fun all-star game Kyrie was going off
every I mean him and Blake Griffin kind
of stole the spotlight for me personally
rather than LeBron and Katie what I
thought everyone's kind of expecting as
we finally complete the collection for
David Robinson but guys let me know down
below in the comments two things would
you guys think of the all-star game it
was a good game for me a little
disappointing I didn't gonna see Katie
and LeBron kind of go head-to-head but
in that would you guys be interested in
seeing like an all-big man lineup
because I have a ton of really good big
men just let me know down below in the
comments as we're checking out these
sets so rebounding pretty good stamina I
love seeing that high stamina for a big
man but let's check out his low post
skills so he's 87 91 which is amazing
David Robinson get a better overall
which pretty much over all helps from
awareness cuz he's more of a veteran
player tim duncan at but look at that
rebounding his offense but his defense
isn't so good stamina is only 80 ah kind
of don't like to see that but as
awareness hi so Tim Duncan was about 87
91 and now he's 9675 so let me don't
dabble in the comments everything guys
thanks for all the love from that first
video again if you didn't see the first
pack opening link will be in the
description and I'll catch you guys next
time